authorities imposed a much larger
exclusion Zone outside the White House
for netanyahu's visit but that hasn't
stopped a group of protesters from
Gathering outside where they can their
message is clear they have a giant
Effigy of Benjamin Netanyahu and are
pouring gallons and gallons of blood in
the streets the blood is on netanyahu's
hands but also on that of the US
Administration protest is particularly
incensed by a statement from carela
Harris the presumptive Democratic
nominee now condemning the protests
outside the capital capital Hill on
Wednesday as anti-semitic and violent I
think it's insane everyone who was there
had a simple demand and have had the
same demand for the past N9 months and
if these politicians actually listen to
the will of the people then they would
have listened months ago and it's been 9
months of people wishing and really
hoping for a ceasefire all of this comes
at an interesting time when even
Progressive members of the democratic
party are calling on Gaza protesters to
get on board behind Carla Harris support
her against Donald Trump but clearly a
lot of the Gaza protesters a lot of
those disgusted by US policy have a lot
of convincing still to do Sher bransi Al
jazer
Washington make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer